Encrypted Org Git sync

Files live with the personal Doom configuration. The worker requires Python 3,
Git with merge-tree --write-tree support, and an authenticated GitHub CLI.
Ordinary sync never decrypts notes. The Emacs conflict editor decrypts into
memory and saves its result through EasyPG.

Initial setup

Use an empty private GitHub repository. Run this once after installing the files:

  python3 ~/.config/doom/bin/org-sync.py --root ~/org init OWNER/REPOSITORY --device laptop

This creates the local repository on devices/laptop, installs commit/push
checks, and uploads the initial main and device branches. It refuses a remote
that already has commits. The only tracked files are binary .org.gpg files and
the exact .gitignore/.gitattributes policy supplied by the worker. Hidden paths,
symlinks, executable files, and plaintext content are rejected.

After a partial setup failure, preserve the local repository and inspect the
error. Do not delete the repository to retry. The local commit and encrypted
files remain available; authentication or a rejected push can be repaired.

Restart Emacs to load org-sync.el and enable my-org-sync-mode. The mode is inert
until ~/org/.git exists. It checks every 60 seconds and starts work after at
least 10 seconds idle. M-x my-org-sync-now triggers an immediate attempt.
M-x my-org-sync-mode toggles the timer. Disabling the timer does not cancel an
already running operation. Closing Emacs does not guarantee a final upload.

The worker commits saved files even offline, then fetches and pushes when it can
connect. Unsaved buffer contents never enter Git. There is no force push, stash,
or reset of working files. A pending incoming update waits for unmodified
buffers and a clean working directory. Stale decrypted buffers cannot be edited
or saved; they reload on the next command in that buffer. Deleted files retain
their old buffer contents and require an explicit decision to close or recover.

Each device must have its own devices/NAME branch. The desktop integrates all
origin/devices/* branches through GitHub PRs against main. It merges compatible
changes and reports URLs for conflicts. GitHub branch protections may defer a
merge and remain authoritative. Do not enable automatic deletion of PR head
branches in the GitHub repository; device branches persist between syncs.

Conflict resolution

1. M-x my-org-sync-resolve-pr, then enter the PR number from the notification.
   This prepares an encrypted detached worktree inside .git/org-sync-resolutions.
   Background sync pauses while this Emacs resolution session is active.
2. M-x my-org-sync-resolve-file. Choose a conflicted file. Ediff shows the device,
   main, and common ancestor versions, decrypted in memory. A missing version in
   an add/delete conflict appears as an empty buffer.
3. Edit/review Ediff's merged result buffer. Remove conflict markers, then run
   M-x my-org-sync-stage-resolution in that result buffer. EasyPG encrypts the
   saved result before Git stages it. Quit Ediff and repeat for other files.
   To accept a deletion, use M-x my-org-sync-delete-resolution instead.
4. M-x my-org-sync-finish-resolution commits and pushes the resolved device
   branch. The next normal sync attempts the PR merge and updates local files.

After an Emacs restart, M-x my-org-sync-resume-pr resumes the encrypted worktree.
Avoid editing the same notes on another device during resolution. A concurrent
push is rejected safely; it needs a fresh integration rather than a force push.
The encrypted resolution worktrees remain available after finishing. Close
Ediff/source buffers when done. They contain decrypted text only in memory.

Checks and limitations

The envelope check parses binary OpenPGP packets. It proves structural
formatting, not cryptographic integrity, recipient identity, or decryptability.
Keep the separate GPG recovery test and key backups. Git exposes filenames,
file sizes and commit metadata. Repository hooks can be bypassed by a person;
the sync worker independently checks the history it uploads. Private GitHub
storage does not replace backups of excluded supporting files.

The worker uses a lock to serialize its own operations. Avoid simultaneous
manual Git operations or other programs overwriting notes during an update.
Only this Emacs process coordinates its open buffers. Network failures retry
at the next idle check. Errors appear in *Messages* without note contents.

Tests

  python3 -m unittest discover -s ~/.config/doom/tests -p test_org_sync.py
  emacs --batch -Q -l ~/.config/doom/tests/org-sync-test.el -f ert-run-tests-batch-and-exit

The tests use disposable repositories and synthetic OpenPGP envelopes. They do
not decrypt personal notes or contact GitHub.
